use dbt to ingest data from mysql-cdc and postgres-cdc (#2285)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/guides/ingest-from-mysql-cdc.md

| DATE | DATE | `1000-01-01` to `9999-12-31` | `0001-01-01` to `9999-12-31` |
| DATETIME | TIMESTAMP | `1000-01-01 00:00:00.000000` to `9999-12-31 23:59:59.49999` | `1973-03-03 09:46:40` to `5138-11-16 09:46:40` |
| TIMESTAMP | TIMESTAMPTZ | `1970-01-01 00:00:01.000000` to `2038-01-19 03:14:07.499999` | `0001-01-01 00:00:00` to `9999-12-31 23:59:59` |

> ## Use dbt to ingest data from mysql-cdc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use dbt to ingest data from MySQL CDC
```

> In this dbt example, `source` and `table_with_connector` models would be used. For more details, please refer to https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/current/use-dbt/#define-dbt-models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of how to use dbt to ingest data from MySQL CDC. In this dbt example, `source` and `table_with_connector` models will be used. For more details about these two models, please refer to [Use dbt for data transformations](/transform/use-dbt.md#define-dbt-models).
```
